# Graphs
Self-contained graph code that I can use again and again.

Here's the thing, I've written graph code multiple times before and never really been happy with the way its turned out. Then one time, not so long ago I was writing a Tree code and I realised - the tree only needs to know about itself, it doesn't need to know that it represents a tree of Strings, or a tree of List<Integer>. So when I create a node in a tree it needn't be a TreeNode<String> it just needed to be a TreeNode. The structure of the tree was the only thing that was important to the tree, the objects that each node (and maybe branch/arc/link) related to should be dealt with elsewhere in a separate structure and not pollute the tree. I wrote a Tree that worked this way and it was much clearer, cleaner code. So when I came to writing a Graph I decided to go the same way. An arc in a graph should only be concerned with which node it comes from and which node it goes to - that's it. And each node is only concerned with the arcs that are coming in and the arcs that are going out - nothing else. The fact that the node represent Lists and the arcs ints is not a concern of the nodes and arcs. So I wrote the code with this in mind and it's a lot cleaner too. Now every time I manipulate a Arc I don't have to say Arc<String>... I just have an Arc. And every time I use a Node I just have a Node not a Node<something>.

With this code the the structure/shape of the graph is handled by the relationships of the nodes and arcs, and the values associated with the node and arcs it dealt with by the Graph(controller). This is easily achieved by having each Node and each Arc having a unique and immutable Id which can be used as a key in a Map or multiple maps. To help with the I've bias towards having most of the CRUD functionality handled by the Graph, e.g. creating node, linking node etc. and tried to reduce the need for touching the Nodes, and Arc directly. I still have the graph as a generic graph telling the type associated with the nodes and with the arcs, but within the program this is kept away from the node and arc code. 

I've used this now for a couple of projects and it's working well. It's not a complete solution as there is still some functionality to add which I'll add in due course and when required. 
